I came to see a rock'n'roll show, and I'll be damned if Nickelback didn't do exactly that. I know a lot of folks don't take their music seriously, but they play stadium shows for a reason! They are masters of their craft and had a pretty good sound team. It's hard to make their type of thing sound good in a big space, even when you've been playing together for 30 years, so good for them. The visuals accompanying the songs were really cool to look at, as well. They were different for each song, and honestly, the art style and rendering were executed really well. I liked that they brought a fan onstage for "Rockstar Karaoke"as well, which was definitely not as painful as you might think. I also thought it was the perfect "dad humor"that they had Spiderman-themed lighting for their rendition of Chad's infamous "Hero"track.

My only caveat to my "5 star"rating was the opener, Brantley Gilbert. I don't know what hick-hop hellhole they pulled that guy out of, but while he was playing I felt like I was at an alt-right church service. His band was louder than Nickelback, which if I were Nickelback, I'd be a little bit upset about. They were also mixed terribly; you couldn't hear anything but the faux Kirk Hammett guitar soloist the entire time, and I could barely distinguish between the different songs. You'd think thrash metal guitar featuring Fred Durst (if he had less stage presence and was country artist from the Deep South; I'm looking at you, Kid Rock) would be pretty entertaining, but it turns out that the charm wears off after about 30 seconds.Suddenly you realize, even though you're wearing ear plugs and are sitting in front of a million dollar sound system, your ears are somehow still ringing. At least Kid Rock has some good songs, and you can probably hear him singing at his concerts.

I try to be non-judgmental about music because I know it's hard to perform your art in front of a bunch of people, but I simply did not get the hype. A lot of other folks around me looked confused or bored when Mr. Gilbert started his act, as well. I just don't understand why this guy and his merry band of early-discography Metallica aficionados got picked out of all the possible bands they could've hired. It just felt like an out-of-place choice, and it definitely didn't hype me up for the headlining act.

Despite my qualms, I still think Nickelback put on a hell of a show that was worth the price of admission. They shred, they played all their popular singles, and their visual show and stage banter was entertaining and genuine. Just be prepared to suffer through the opener if you're not into the whole "Florida Georgia Line if they got into QAnon"shtick.